README.md, before:

# { prompt: {Bot} } ChatBot UI

## Overview:

{ prompt: {Bot} } is a React-based web application that provides a user interface for interacting with a local LLM (Large Language Model) server such as LM Studio. Built with a modern and highly-interactive UI, it allows a user to easily ask questions and review chat history like most chat interfaces. However, prompt:Bot gets its name from the ability to modify the system prompt on-the-fly, along with the user prompt. This gives more flexibility and control over the conversation, allowing the user to fine-tune the model's responses.

### Try it yourself [here](https://cmorman89.github.io/local-ai-chatbot)!

## Features:

- Interact with a local LLM server (e.g., LM Studio)
- User and AI-styled chat bubbles with dynamic markdown rendering
- Conversational/contextual chat history
- Selecting a different model to load and use

## Screenshots:

Chat Interface:
| ![Chat Window](docs/chat_window.png) |
|:--:|
| _Chat window with dynamic markdown rendering. Using `gemma-3-12b-it`_ |

Interactive Menu:
![Sidebar Menu](docs/menu.png)

Model Selection:
![Model Selection Menu](docs/models.png)

Server Selection:
![Server Selection Menu](docs/server.png)

Dynamic Buttons:
![Chat window with no buttons activated](docs/chat_input.png)
![Chat window with send button actiavted](docs/send_msg.png)
![Chat window with edit system prompt button activated](docs/edit_prompt.png)
![Chat window with cancel button](docs/cancel.png)

Commit message:

docs: update README to include custom server endpoint and add CTA image

README.md, after:

# { prompt: {Bot} } ChatBot UI

[![prompt:BOT](docs/cta.png)](https://cmorman89.github.io/local-ai-chatbot)

## Overview:

{ prompt: {Bot} } is a React-based web application that provides a user interface for interacting with a local LLM (Large Language Model) server such as LM Studio. Built with a modern and highly-interactive UI, it allows a user to easily ask questions and review chat history like most chat interfaces. However, prompt:Bot gets its name from the ability to modify the system prompt on-the-fly, along with the user prompt. This gives more flexibility and control over the conversation, allowing the user to fine-tune the model's responses.

### Try it yourself [here](https://cmorman89.github.io/local-ai-chatbot)!

## Features:

- Interact with a local LLM server (e.g., LM Studio)
- User and AI-styled chat bubbles with dynamic markdown rendering
- Conversational/contextual chat history
- Select a different model to load and use
- Select custom server endpoint


## Screenshots:

Chat Interface:
| ![Chat Window](docs/chat_window.png) |
|:--:|
| _Chat window with dynamic markdown rendering. Using `gemma-3-12b-it`_ |

Interactive Menu:
![Sidebar Menu](docs/menu.png)

Model Selection:
![Model Selection Menu](docs/models.png)

Server Selection:
![Server Selection Menu](docs/server.png)

Dynamic Buttons:
![Chat window with no buttons activated](docs/chat_input.png)
![Chat window with send button actiavted](docs/send_msg.png)
![Chat window with edit system prompt button activated](docs/edit_prompt.png)
![Chat window with cancel button](docs/cancel.png)
